-(theme music playing)
-Singer: * BAD BOYS
-* WHATCHA WANT,
WHATCHA WANT... *
-STOP! GET ON THE GROUND.
-* WHATCHA GONNA DO
* WHEN SHERIFF JOHN BROWN
COME FOR YOU? *
-TASER! TASER! TASER!
-OW! OW!
-* BAD BOYS, BAD BOYS
-* WHATCHA GONNA DO
-THEY'RE RUNNING.
WHEN THEY COME FOR YOU? *
* BAD BOYS, BAD BOYS
* WHATCHA GONNA DO
WHEN THEY COME FOR YOU? *
-Announcer:
"COPS" IS FILMED ON LOCATION
WITH THE MEN AND WOMEN
OF LAW ENFORCEMENT.
ALL SUSPECTS ARE INNOCENT
UNTIL PROVEN GUILTY
IN A COURT OF LAW.
-I'VE BEEN ON THE DEPARTMENT
FOR SIX YEARS.
I'M STILL AT THAT POINT THAT
I STILL GET THE BUTTERFLIES
WHEN I PUT THE UNIFORM ON
AND HIT THE STREETS.
IF YOU GET TOO COMFORTABLE
DOING WHAT WE DO FOR A LIVING,
THAT'S WHEN YOU GET HURT.
YOU HAVE TO BE AWARE
OF WHAT'S GOING ON OUT THERE,
AND ALWAYS BE READY
TO REACT TO IT.
AND NOT LET THE FEAR
CONTROL YOU.
-WE'RE HEADING TO
A CALL RIGHT NOW
OF A WHITE MALE,
SAYS HE WANTS TO KILL
HIMSELF WITH A KNIFE.
HE'S STAYING HERE AT THE 7-11.
WE'RE GONNA PULL UP
AND SEE IF WE CAN'T LOCATE HIM.
THIS GUY'S GOT A FLAG
ON HIS SHIRT, YOU WERE SAYING?
-HAT.
HE HAS A BLUE, WHITE,
AND RED CAP.
-IS THIS HIM RIGHT HERE?
THIS TALL DUDE?
-WATCH HIS HANDS. YUP.
HE HAS IT IN HIS HAND.
-WATCH YOURSELF, WATCH YOURSELF.
-HEY, HEY, HEY!
-HEY, PUT THAT KNIFE DOWN, DUDE.
-DON'T DO THAT. DON'T WALK
TOWARDS ME WITH A KNIFE.
JUST PUT IT RIGHT THERE.
-HEY, STRETCH,
DROP THE KNIFE,
OR I'M GONNA TASE YOU.
SEVEN JOHN, SEVEN,
GIVE US A RED.
YOU WANT THE HELP
OR DON'T YOU?
-I DO WANT IT.
-THEN DO ME A FAVOR
AND DROP THE KNIFE, AND I'LL
GET YOU THE HELP.
-JUST DROP IT, BUDDY.
-I'M GONNA HELP YOU,
BUT I NEED YOU
TO DROP THE KNIFE.
-NO, YOU'RE NOT.
-I'LL TELL YOU WHAT.
YOU STAY OVER THERE,
I'LL STAY HERE,
JUST DROP THE KNIFE
OVER THERE FOR ME.
THAT'S ALL I ASK
YOU TO DO.
YOU DON'T HAVE
TO DO ANYTHING ELSE.
I'D HATE TO--
I DON'T WANT
TO LIGHT YOU UP, DUDE.
YOU'RE GONNA ROLL AROUND
LIKE A FISH.
YOU'LL ROLL AROUND
JUST LIKE A FISH.
DROP THE KNIFE.
-WHAT'S YOUR NAME?
LISTEN, WE'RE NOT HERE
TO DO ANYTHING BAD TO YOU.
WE DON'T WANT TO HURT YOU.
WE'RE HERE 'CAUSE
YOU CALLED, RIGHT?
-WHAT'S YOUR FIRST NAME?
-DAVE.
-DAVE, LOOK AT ME REAL QUICK.
LOOK.
STAY WHERE YOU'RE AT,
I'LL PUT AWAY MY TASER.
TALK TO ME REAL QUICK.
PUT AWAY THE KNIFE.
THAT'S ALL I ASK YOU TO DO.
I NEED THE NEXT UNIT
COMING DOWN BOULDER.
HE'S WALKING AWAY.
GRAY SHIRT, BLACK BACKPACK,
HE'S GOT THE KNIFE IN
HIS RIGHT HAND.
ALBA, NOT TOO CLOSE.
-DAVE!
I'M NOT GONNA LET YOU
GET IN TACO BELL,
SO YOU BETTER NOT WALK
TOWARDS OVER THERE.
-STOP RIGHT THERE.
HE'S WALKING BACK OUT
TOWARDS BOULDER NOW.
-DAVE! YOU'RE NOT WALKING
IN THERE WITH THAT KNIFE.
-ALBA, DON'T GET
TOO CLOSE TO HIM.
-WELL, HE'S GETTING
TOO CLOSE TO PEOPLE.
-I GOT HIM.
HE'S WALKING UP
ON YOU RIGHT NOW.
HE'S COMING UP
ON THE SIDEWALK.
HAVE THE NEXT UNIT
SHUT DOWN BOULDER...
JUST AT 53-90.
HE'S WALKING ACROSS
BOULDER NOW
ON THE NORTH SIDE
OF THE STREET.
-DAVE!
COME ON, DUDE,
YOU'RE JUST BEING CHILDISH NOW.
YOU GOT 10 COPS CHASING YOU,
AND WE'RE NOT GOING ANYWHERE.
-JIM, IF YOU GOTTA HIT HIM
WITH A LITTLE LETHAL, HIT HIM
WITH A LITTLE LETHAL,
BUT KEEP WALKING NEXT TO HIM.
THERE'S NOBODY AROUND HIM.
-HE DROPPED IT!
HE DROPPED IT!
TURN AROUND THAT WAY!
-TURN AROUND!
-FACE THE WALL.
HANDS BEHIND YOUR BACK.
THERE YOU GO.
-GET ON YOUR KNEES, NOW!
-GOT IT?
-SIT DOWN, SIT DOWN.
THAT MEANS GET ON
YOUR KNEES, NOW.
GET ON YOUR KNEES NOW!
-YOU GOT HIM?
-YEAH, HE'S SECURE.
-Radio:
DID YOU WANT NORTH
OR SOUTH SHUT DOWN?
-YOU CAN DISREGARD LAST.
HE'S IN CUSTODY.
WE'RE CODE FOUR.
THANK YOU.
YOU DID THE RIGHT THING.
I DON'T WANT
TO SEE YOU GET HURT.
YOU OKAY?
-YEAH.
-YOU ALL RIGHT?
HERE, DO ME A FAVOR.
BRING YOUR KNEES UP TOWARDS ME.
BRING YOUR KNEES UP,
THEN COME ON UP.
THERE YOU GO.
YOU ALL RIGHT?
-WHY WERE YOU RUNNING
AROUND WITH A KNIFE?
-I WANTED TO KILL MYSELF.
-WHAT'S MAKING YOU
FEEL THAT WAY?
-NO FAMILY, I'M HOMELESS,
NO ONE TO HELP.
I CAN'T GET A JOB,
I DON'T HAVE A PHONE,
I HAVE WARTS.
-EVER TRIED ANYTHING
LIKE THIS BEFORE?
-YEAH.
-WHEN'S THE LAST TIME
YOU TRIED IT?
-COUPLE MONTHS AGO.
-WHAT'D YOU TRY AND DO?
-SAME THING.
-DID YOU HAVE A KNIFE?
-YEAH.
-POLICE COME?
-THEY HIT YOU
WITH A BEAN BAG OR TASE YOU?
-NO.
-IS THAT WHAT YOU WANT,
OR DID YOU WANT TO BE SHOT?
-PROBABLY SHOT.
-THAT'S NOT A PRETTY SIGHT, BUD.
IT'S NOT FAIR
TO US, EITHER, RIGHT?
-LAST TIME, WHEN THEY
TALKED TO YOU--
-YOU DO IT ALL THE TIME,
SO WHY NOT--
-NO, WE DON'T
DO IT ALL THE TIME.
THAT'S NOT HOW IT WORKS.
I COULD HAVE SHOT YOU
BACK THERE, BUT THAT DIDN'T
HAPPEN, DID IT?
-NO.
-I TRIED TALKING TO YOU.
YES, YOU DID,
YOU HAD THE KNIFE IN YOUR HAND.
-SO, YOU AIN'T GONNA
SHOOT SOMEBODY IF HE'S GOT
A KNIFE IN HIS (bleep) HAND.
-IF I GET THAT CLOSE,
OR YOU GET THAT CLOSE TO ME,
WHAT IF I DON'T HAVE A CHOICE?
-SO, YOU'RE GONNA SHOOT ME
'CAUSE I HAVE A KNIFE?
-'CAUSE YOU'RE HOLDING
A KNIFE AGGRESSIVELY.
-YOU DON'T BRING
A GUN TO A KNIFE SHOW, BRO.
-YOU SHOULDN'T.
AND I'M NOT YOUR BRO.
I TRIED HELPING YOU.
INSTEAD, YOU RAN OFF,
AND THEN YOU RAN
THROUGH TRAFFIC,
PUTTING EVERYBODY ELSE'S
LIVES IN DANGER.
DAVE, I'M BEING SERIOUS HERE.
YOU DON'T SEE THE BIG DEAL
WITH YOU HAVING A KNIFE
AND HOLDING IT THE WAY YOU WERE,
AND ME ASKING YOU TO DROP IT
SO THAT I COULD TALK TO YOU?
YOU THOUGHT THAT--
YOU THINK THAT'S NORMAL?
-YOU DON'T SHOOT
A GUY WITH A KNIFE, DUDE.
-SO, YOU HELD A KNIFE
BECAUSE YOU WERE TESTING ME?
IS THAT WHAT YOU'RE SAYING?
-YEAH.
I DID ALL THAT--
I DID ALL THIS FOR A (bleep)...
JUST-- JUST--
-JUST TO TEST THE POLICE?
-JUST TO SEE IF YOU GUYS
WOULD SHOOT ME. REALLY?
-OKAY.
I'M ASKING YOU!
-I'M NOT THAT
(bleep) DUMB, DUDE.
-ALL YOU HAD TO DO
WAS TALK TO ME.
IF YOU NEED HELP,
WE'LL GET YOU HELP.
-I'LL TAKE THOSE CUFFS OFF.
-DO YOU WANT TO GO
TALK TO A DOCTOR?
-YEAH.
-OKAY.
-IF YOU ASKED ME
IF I WAS HOMELESS,
IF I TOLD YOU NO,
YOU WOULDN'T KNOW
I WAS HOMELESS.
-NO. YOU DON'T
LOOK HOMELESS TO ME.
-I HEAR A LOT OF THAT,
AND IT'S JUST...
I-- EVERY DAY FOR ME
IS LIKE A JOB.
TO-- TO STAY...
LIKE EVERYONE ELSE.
-TO LOOK NORMAL, GET BY.
-I MEAN, I KEEP MYSELF GROOMED,
CLEAN, AS MUCH AS POSSIBLE,
SMELL GOOD,
SO I DON'T LOOK LIKE
SOME OF THEM--
SOME OF THE BAD HOMELESS PEOPLE
OUT HERE IN VEGAS.
-RIGHT. RIGHT.
-SO, THAT'S JUST
WHAT I'M TRYING TO DO.
-OKAY. I UNDERSTAND THAT.
WE WANNA HELP YOU.
I REALLY DO WANT TO HELP YOU.
-OKAY.
-I KNOW YOU PROBABLY--
IT DOESN'T SEEM THAT WAY,
AND YOU HAVEN'T
HAD HELP IN THE PAST.
WE'RE GONNA DO THE BEST
WE CAN TO GET YOU
SOME HELP TONIGHT.
-OKAY.
-THERE'S A LOT
OF OUTREACH PROGRAMS.
WHEN YOU GET DOWN TO
THE HOSPITAL, MAYBE THEY CAN
GIVE YOU SOME RESOURCES ON IT.
-THERE IS. I'VE BEEN KICKED OUT
OF ALL THE HOMELESS SHELTERS
FOR FIGHTING
'CAUSE I WAS-- I USED TO BE
A UFC FIGHTER.
SO, I COULD--
I COULD TAKE CARE
OF MY OWN.
-YOU'RE GONNA GO WITH
THE AMBULANCE,
YOU'RE GONNA GET EVALUATED.
-THANK YOU GUYS.
-OKAY?
-GO AND GET SOME HELP.
-I'M GONNA HELP YOU
GET THE HELP YOU NEED.
LISTEN, ON THE REAL,
I REALLY APPRECIATE IT.
-ALL RIGHT.
-HONESTLY. THAT'S THE CLOSEST
I'VE BEEN IN A LONG TIME.
THERE WAS A GOOD CHANCE
YOU COULD HAVE BEEN SHOT
AND I'M GLAD I DIDN'T DO IT.
-ALL RIGHT. THANK YOU.
-TAKE CARE OF YOURSELF,
ALL RIGHT?
IF YOU HAVE ANY MORE TROUBLE
AND YOU CALL, NO MORE KNIVES.
ALL RIGHT?
-YES, SIR.
-WENT FROM BEING IN
THE MILITARY.
GROWING UP WITH
A COP AS A DAD,
AND AN UNCLE AS A COP,
IS A REAL GOOD EXPERIENCE.
KIND OF LED ME
IN THE RIGHT DIRECTION.
SO, I JOINED THE P.D.
THREE YEARS AGO.
STOCKTON'S A BUSY CITY
TO WORK FOR.
IT'S NON-STOP, FAST-PACED.
IT'S A GREAT CITY.
ALWAYS SOMETHING GOING ON.
SOMEONE'S NEIGHBOR SAW
AN INDIVIDUAL GETTING
INTO THEIR CAR.
THAT PERSON DECIDED
TO PIN THAT PERSON DOWN
AND HOLD HIM UNTIL
WE GET THERE.
-(groaning)
-I GOT HIM.
GO AHEAD AND RELEASE.
STAY ON THE GROUND.
-AAH!
-STOP KICKING.
-WHAT'D I DO?
-PUT YOUR LEGS OUT
IN FRONT OF YOU.
-WHAT'D I DO?
-PUT YOUR LEGS
OUT BEHIND YOU.
PUT YOUR LEGS OUT
BEHIND YOU NOW.
-MY LEGS--
I CAN'T--
AAH!
-PUT YOUR LEGS OUT.
-I DIDN'T DO IT!
-GRAB HIS LEGS.
HOLD HIM THERE.
LEAVE YOUR HAND BACK THERE.
GIVE ME YOUR OTHER HAND.
GIVE ME YOUR HAND.
-AAH!
-GIVE ME YOUR OTHER HAND.
GIVE ME YOUR OTHER HAND.
-OWW! OWW! OWW!
(groaning and yelling continues)
I DIDN'T DO NOTHING!
-ALL RIGHT.
STAY ON THE GROUND.
-I DIDN'T DO NOTHING.
-55, ONE DETAINED.
GO AND TAKE THOSE
OFF HIS LEGS FOR ME.
-WHAT'D I DO?
-THANKS.
-I DIDN'T DO NOTHING.
-WHO'S CAR WAS HE GETTING IN?
-MINE.
-OKAY. DID HE STEAL
ANYTHING OUT OF IT?
-I JUST SEEN HIM GOING THROUGH
AND HE THREW SOME STUFF
IN THERE.
-GO AHEAD AND GO THROUGH
YOUR CAR, MAKE SURE
EVERYTHING'S THERE.
-THAT'S NOT MINE, DUDE.
-THIS IS YOU? WHAT'S YOUR NAME?
-THAT'S NOT MY NAME.
-WHO'S CARD-- I.D. IS THIS THEN?
-SOMEBODY ELSE.
-WHY YOU GOT SOMEBODY
ELSE'S I.D., DUDE?
WHY YOU GOT
SOMEONE ELSE'S I.D.?
-I DON'T KNOW, SIR.
-HUH?
-HOW MANY CARS HAVE YOU
BEEN BREAKING INTO?
-I AIN'T BREAKING
INTO NOBODY'S CAR.
-SMOKE A LITTLE METH?
YOU HIGH RIGHT NOW?
-NO.
-STICK OUT YOUR TONGUE.
YOU'RE HIGH.
-(indistinct) SO...
-OKAY.
-I NEVER DO METH, MAN.
-WHY YOU GOT A METH PIPE ON YOU
IF YOU DON'T DO METH, HUH?
ALL RIGHT.
SIT UP.
-AAH.
-STAND UP.
LET'S GO OVER HERE.
HAVE A SEAT.
SO, YOU WANNA TELL ME
WHAT YOU WERE DOING IN THE CAR
OR WHAT YOU WERE DOING
AROUND THAT CAR?
-SOMEBODY TOLD ME TO GO IN
TO THROW...
-SOMEBODY, WHO?
-HUH?
-WHO TOLD YOU THAT?
-MY BOY.
-YOUR BOY.
AND HE TOLD YOU
TO GO INTO THAT CAR?
-YEAH.
-WHAT'S HIS NAME?
-HIS NAME IS YING.
-HUH?
-YING.
-YING?
-YEAH.
-OKAY, SO YING TOLD YOU
TO BREAK INTO THAT CAR
AND DO WHAT?
-I'M NOT BREAKING INTO
THE CAR, I'M PUTTING
THE STUFF IN THERE.
-PUT THE STUFF IN THERE?
-YEAH.
-WHERE'D YOU GET
THE STUFF FROM?
-UH, FROM MY HOUSE.
-FROM YOUR HOUSE.
SO, ALL THAT STUFF IS YOURS?
-YEAH.
-WHEN'S THE LAST TIME YOU USED?
-LAST NIGHT.
-YOU USED LAST NIGHT?
-YEAH.
-WHAT'D YOU USE?
-JUST THE METH.
-OKAY. I'LL BE BACK TO TALK
TO YOU SOME MORE, ALL RIGHT?
ARE YOU ON PROBATION?
-NO.
-PAROLE?
-WARRANTS?
-NO.
-OKAY.
SO, WALK ME THROUGH
WHAT HAPPENED.
DID YOU GRAB HIM
INSIDE THE CAR?
OR DID YOU...
-HE WAS INSIDE THE CAR.
I STILL CREPT UP.
I WAS STANDING RIGHT HERE.
-SO, YOU KIND OF
GOT STEALTHY ON HIM?
-YEAH. HE HAD THIS OPEN.
ALL THE WAY IN HERE.
-OKAY. DID YOU SEE
WHAT HE WAS DOING IN THERE?
-HE WAS LOOKING THROUGH STUFF.
-OKAY.
-SO, HE'S STILL LOOKING
THROUGH THE...
I GUESS, THE MIDDLE COMPONENT.
WHEN I SEEN HIM,
HE DID THIS.
HE LOOKED AT ME
THROUGH THE WINDOW.
-OKAY.
-SO, I'M LIKE, "HEY,
THIS AIN'T YOUR CAR.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?"
HE WAS LIKE, "OH, NO, BRO,
THEY TOLD ME TO COME HERE."
I'M LIKE, "NOPE.
THIS AIN'T YOUR CAR."
SO, I'M YELLING AT MY NEIGHBOR,
YOU KNOW, FROM HERE.
-WHO TIED HIS FEET UP?
-OH, I TIED HIM.
HE WAS STRUGGLING HERE
WHEN HE HAD HIM ON THE FLOOR.
-SO, HE ENDED UP TAKING
CONTROL OF HIS ARMS
AND STUFF,
-YES.
-AND THEN YOU TIED UP HIS FEET?
-MM-HMM.
-OKAY, WAS HE KICKING
AT YOU OR ANYTHING LIKE THAT?
-YEAH, HE WAS REALLY KICKING,
'CAUSE THAT'S WHEN HE KINDA
GRABBED HIM A LITTLE TIGHTER.
-OKAY.
-SO, YOU KNOW,
HE'S KINDA STRETCHED OUT,
BUT SO HE WOULDN'T KICK.
-WHAT ABOUT ORIGINALLY?
WAS HE FIGHTING WITH YOU?
-IN THE BEGINNING WITH ME, NO.
WITH HIM, YES.
-OKAY.
THIS LOOKS LIKE
A BUNCH OF MAIL THEFT.
THIS COULD BE LINKED
TO NUMEROUS OTHER
BURGLARY CASES,
OR THEFTS OF SOME SORT.
BORAN IS YOUR FIRST NAME?
-YEAH.
-OKAY.
SO, WHAT MADE YOU
GO GET IN THAT CAR, MAN?
-SOMEBODY TOLD ME TO OPEN
THE DOOR, AND PUT THAT
THING IN THERE.
-WHAT THING IN THERE?
-THAT BAG.
-OKAY. WHAT'S WITH
THE METH PIPE IN YOUR POCKET?
-UM...
I'M SORRY ABOUT THAT.
-WELL, DON'T BE SORRY
ABOUT IT. WHAT'S WITH
THE METH PIPE?
HOW LONG YOU BEEN USING FOR?
-ABOUT TWO YEARS NOW.
-ABOUT TWO YEARS?
-YEAH.
-ALL RIGHT. YOU BEEN
BREAKING INTO MAIL BOXES?
-NO.
-WHERE'D YOU GET ALL
THE DEBIT CARDS AND STUFF
THAT WERE IN YOUR POCKET
THAT I PULLED OUT
WITH THE METH PIPE?
-I GOT 'EM FROM A FRIEND,
UM, YESTERDAY.
-YOU GOT ALL THOSE DEBIT
CARDS FROM A FRIEND?
-YEAH.
-WHAT FRIEND?
-UH, A FRIEND THAT
LIVE AROUND HERE.
-A FRIEND THAT LIVES
AROUND HERE?
YOUR FRIENDS GIVE YOU STUFF,
AND YOU JUST TAKE IT?
-UH, I DIDN'T DO NOTHING.
-YOU HAD IT IN YOUR POCKETS,
YOU KNEW THAT CAR
WASN'T YOURS, CORRECT?
-YEAH.
-AND YET, YOU STILL
GOT INTO IT,
AND YET YOU STILL TOOK
STUFF FROM YOUR FRIENDS.
-I DIDN'T MEAN TO, THOUGH.
-YOU DIDN'T MEAN TO?
-I'M SORRY.
-YOU KNOW WHAT
YOU'RE GOING TO JAIL FOR?
-YEAH.
-FOR WHAT?
-FOR ALL THE THEFT?
-FOR ALL THE THEFT,
CORRECT. YOU'RE GOING
TO JAIL FOR BREAKING
INTO THAT CAR...
-YEAH.
-OKAY?
FOR RESISTING ARREST,
AND FOR ALL THE MAIL THEFT
THAT YOU HAVE.
OKAY?
-REALLY?
-YUP. REALLY.
ALL RIGHT?
ALL RIGHT, BORAN,
HANG TIGHT.
HEY, YOU GUYS.
-YES, SIR.
-THANK YOU GUYS SO MUCH, MAN,
FOR HELPING ME OUT.
-THANKS. THANKS FOR
GETTING HERE.
-ACTUALLY BEING GOOD CITIZENS
AND ACTUALLY TAKING CHARGE,
YOU KNOW?
-YEAH, NEIGHBORS, MAN.
THAT'S THE WAY IT SHOULD BE,
YOU KNOW?
-DEFINITELY. LOOKING OUT
FOR EACH OTHER.
-I'VE BEEN A DEPUTY
FOR PIERCE COUNTY
FOR THREE YEARS NOW.
JUST BORN AND RAISED
IN PIERCE COUNTY.
IT'S REALLY COOL TO COME OUT
HERE AND WORK THE AREAS
THAT I GREW UP IN.
I TEND TO WORK THE WEST
PART OF OUR PATROL AREA,
WHICH IS ONE OF OUR
MORE ACTIVE AREAS.
I LOVE COMING TO WORK EVERY DAY.
IT'S A NEW ADVENTURE EVERY DAY.
YOU NEVER KNOW WHAT
YOU'RE GONNA COME ACROSS.
-(sirens blaring)
-RIGHT NOW, WE'RE HEADED TO
A PERSON ARMED WITH A WEAPON.
THERE'S A FEMALE SCREAMING
ON THE LINE TO 911
SAYING THAT SOMEONE'S
ARMED WITH A KNIFE.
-HEY, MAN,
WHAT'S GOING ON?
-SHE PUT A KNIFE
TO MY THROAT!
-OKAY, WHERE'S SHE AT?
-(shouting)
-HEY, HEY, HEY.
WE'RE GONNA--
-HEY, STOP TOUCHING MY (bleep)!
-IS THAT HER?
-HEY, HEY, HEY,
-HEY, BACK OFF.
-MAN, SHE KEEPS--
-BACK OFF!
-(shouting continues)
-LISTEN, LISTEN--
-I KNOW. HEY,
LET US FINISH THIS.
-MAN!
-YOU NEED TO CALM DOWN, THOUGH.
WHAT'S HER NAME?
-TERRY.
-POLICE!
-Terry: WHO IS IT?
-IT'S THE POLICE.
OPEN THE DOOR NOW!
LET ME SEE YOUR HANDS.
DROP IT! DROP IT!
-I GRABBED IT 'CAUSE HE HIT ME.
-DROP IT!
TURN AROUND!
-HOW YOU GUYS--
-TURN AROUND!
-HEY, LISTEN, RIGHT NOW!
HANDS BEHIND YOUR BACK.
-HOW AM I--
-HANDS BEHIND YOUR BACK!
-HOW AM I GOING TO JAIL?
HE HIT ME!
LOOK AT ALL MY HAIR
ON THE FLOOR!
-JUST STOP RIGHT NOW, OKAY?
NOTHING'S GONNA
HELP RIGHT NOW.
-WE SAY WE'RE THE POLICE,
WHY'D YOU COME TO THE DOOR
WITH A KNIFE?
-(sobbing)
BECAUSE HE WAS OUT THERE.
-OKAY, GO SIT...
-COME OVER HERE.
WHAT IS GOING ON TODAY?
-BECAUSE HE CHOKED ME
AND HE HIT ME,
SO I PULLED A KNIFE
BECAUSE HE KEEPS COMING AT ME,
AND HE SAID HE WAS GONNA
CALL THE POLICE.
-OKAY.
-AND I WANT HIM
TO LEAVE, HE KEEPS
PUTTING HIS HANDS ON ME.
-OKAY.
-I LET HIM COME BACK
THE FIRST TIME
AND DIDN'T SAY ANYTHING.
AND I DON'T WANT HIM
TO KEEP PUTTING HIS HANDS ON ME!
-OKAY.
AND THAT'S THE KNIFE
YOU GRABBED?
-YES.
'CAUSE HE KEPT COMING AT ME.
-WHAT WERE WE FIGHTING ABOUT?
-BECAUSE I ASKED HIM
A QUESTION
AND THEN HE STARTED
YELLING AT ME.
-OKAY.
-AND THEN HE CHOKED
ME ON THE BED,
AND HE PULLED MY HAIR.
-BRING YOUR HEAD BACK
FOR ME. BRING YOUR HEAD BACK.
OKAY, SO, THAT'S WHERE
HE CHOKED YOU?
-YES.
-OKAY.
-AND THEN I WAS
FIGHTING HIM BACK
BECAUSE HE'S STRONGER THAN ME.
-OKAY.
AND SO YOU GRABBED THE KNIFE?
-I GRABBED THE KNIFE
IN HERE BECAUSE HE KEPT
COMING AT ME.
-OKAY. DO YOU GUYS HAVE A LOT
OF ARGUMENTS LIKE THIS
ALL THE TIME?
-YES. WE-- I CALLED THE POLICE
BEFORE BECAUSE I WANTED
HIM TO LEAVE.
-OKAY.
-AND THEN HE LEFT,
AND THEN I LET HIM COME BACK.
-OKAY.
OKAY. SIT TIGHT FOR A MINUTE.
I'LL BE RIGHT BACK.
-I GO IN THE HOUSE,
JUST TRYING TO GET MY (bleep)
AND SHE STARTS COMPLAINING
AND CUSSING AT ME
ABOUT A CHECK
FROM THREE WEEKS AGO.
WE'RE EXCHANGING WORDS,
OF COURSE, BACK AND FORTH,
SHE'S SCREAMING AT ME.
AFTER THAT...
-OKAY.
SHE GOES AND GRABS ME
ON MY THROAT, SHE HAS ME
ON MY THROAT,
SO I GRAB HER, AND I RUSH
HER ASS TO THE BED.
ONCE I GET HER ON THE BED,
I LET HER ASS GO.
SHE'S STILL GOT ME
IN A LITTLE CHOKEHOLD.
BUT I SAID, "HEY,
I'M OFF OF YOU, LET ME GO."
SO, I GET MY ASS UP,
AND I'M WALKING
INTO THE LIVING ROOM...
-MM-HMM.
-"I PUT MY HANDS ON YOU
BECAUSE YOU PUT
YOUR HANDS ON ME."
I SAID, "I'M CALLING THE COPS."
SO, I START DIALING THEM,
SHE GOES INTO THE KITCHEN
AND GRABS A KNIFE.
I GO TO SIT ON
THE (bleep) COUCH,
SHE LITERALLY PUSHED ME INTO
THIS LITTLE WEIRD-ASS ARMLOCK,
AND PUTS THE KNIFE
TO MY THROAT.
SO, OF COURSE, I WIGGLE
OUT OF THAT BY GRABBING HER
BY HER (bleep) HAIR. BOOM!
BUT I CAN'T HEAR HER
BECAUSE SHE'S STILL SCREAMING,
AND I GOT THE TIMERS
ON THE (bleep) PHONE.
SO, THE WHOLE TIME
SHE'S STILL SCREAMING
AND SCREAMING.
OF COURSE WE'RE EXCHANGING
BACK WORDS.
"(bleep) YOU," "BITCH,"
"BITCH-ASS (bleep)."
(bleep) LIKE THAT. WHATEVER.
BUT SHE STILL KEEPS JAMMING
THE (bleep) KNIFE--
THE KNIFE AT ME,
ACTING LIKE SHE'S GETTING
READY TO STAB ME AND (bleep).
-HOW LONG HAVE YOU GUYS
BEEN DATING?
-WE'RE MARRIED.
-OH, YOU'RE MARRIED.
-WE'VE BEEN MARRIED FOR LIKE,
WHAT, THREE MONTHS NOW?
-OKAY.
HOW LONG HAVE YOU GUYS BEEN
HAVING THESE ISSUES?
-AFTER THE LAST TIME
SHE KICKED ME OUT,
I WASN'T COMING BACK.
-MM-HMM.
-BUT AFTER ALL THE (bleep)
TEXT MESSAGES-- I CAN SHOW YOU
ON MY PHONE RIGHT NOW--
"BABY, I'M SORRY.
WHY WON'T YOU TALK TO ME?"
BLAH, BLAH, BLAH.
HEY, MAN, I'M COOL.
AND I TOLD HER, "HEY, I'M COOL."
I'M SO COOL,
I DON'T EVEN WANT TO DEAL
WITH THIS (bleep) NO MORE.
-ALL RIGHT, MAN. GIVE ME
ONE MINUTE. I'LL BE RIGHT BACK.
-YEAH, MAN.
-OKAY, LET'S GO AHEAD AND 12-4,
AND THEN FELONY THREATS.
-OKAY.
-I HOPE YOU DON'T BUY HIS
INNOCENT VICTIM ATTITUDE.
I REALLY DON'T.
-OKAY, SO HERE'S WHAT'S
GONNA HAPPEN.
RIGHT NOW, YOU'RE UNDER ARREST.
YOU'RE UNDER ARREST FOR
ASSAULT, 4TH DEGREE DOMESTIC
VIOLENCE AND FELONY THREATS.
OKAY?
-WHAT AM I GOING TO JAIL FOR?
AND I DIDN'T THREATEN HIM.
-ASSAULT, 4TH DEGREE
DOMESTIC VIOLENCE,
AND FELONY THREATS
BECAUSE OF THE KNIFE.
OKAY?
-SO, IF A MAN IS HITTING ME,
I CAN'T PICK ANYTHING UP?
-THE PROBLEM IS WE HAVE TO GO
BASED ON WHAT WE HAVE
AT THE TIME, OKAY?
WE WEREN'T HERE.
-COME ON.
-HOW IS HE NOT GOING TO JAIL
FOR CHOKING ME AND HITTING ME?
-WE'LL TALK ABOUT IT.
WE'LL TALK ABOUT IT
OUTSIDE. OKAY?
BUT THE PROBLEM IS--
-EVERY TIME THAT I'VE
CALLED THE POLICE,
HE'S PUT HIS HANDS ON ME.
HE PULLED MY HAIR OUT.
-OKAY. YEAH,
YOU HAVE INJURIES.
BUT THE LAST TIME I CAME
OUT HERE, LIKE, A MONTH AGO,
I TOLD YOU TO GET
A PROTECTION ORDER AGAINST HIM.
YOU DIDN'T DO THAT.
AND NOW WE'RE IN THIS
SITUATION NOW,
AND YOU'VE GOT INJURIES,
HE'S GOT INJURIES,
AND WE SHOW UP 'CAUSE
HE'S SAYING THAT YOU'RE
THREATENING TO STAB HIM,
RIGHT? AND I OPEN THE DOOR,
AND YOU'RE HOLDING A KNIFE.
RIGHT?
COME ON OVER
TO THE CAR REAL QUICK.
GO AND HAVE
A SEAT IN THERE.
OKAY.
-WHY ISN'T HE
GOING TO JAIL, TOO?
-HUH?
-WHY AM I THE ONLY PERSON
GOING TO JAIL?
IF HE HAS INJURIES,
AND I HAVE INJURIES,
HOW IS THAT FAIR FOR HIM
NOT TO GO TO JAIL?
-BECAUSE WE HAVE TO GO OFF OF
WHO THE PRIMARY AGGRESSOR IS.
OKAY?
AND YOU'RE THE ONE WHO TOOK IT
TO THE LEVEL WITH THE KNIFE.
-YOU REALLY THINK THAT
I'M THE PRIMARY AGGRESSOR?
-I DON'T KNOW
WHAT HAPPENED HERE.
-COME ON.
-I WASN'T HERE.
I HAVE TO GO BASED ON
WHAT WE HAVE AT THE TIME.
-EVERY TIME I'VE CALLED
THE POLICE IS BECAUSE HE'S PUT
HIS HANDS ON ME.
-BUT THAT'S THE PROBLEM
RIGHT THERE
IS YOUR-- THAT FIRST SENTENCE.
"EVERY TIME I'VE CALLED
THE POLICE."
WHY ARE YOU STILL WITH HIM?
-BECAUSE I LET HIM STAY THERE
'CAUSE HE SAID HE DIDN'T HAVE
ANYWHERE TO STAY,
AND I WAS TRYING TO BE NICE.
-AND SO, WHY DO YOU KEEP
LETTING HIM IN?
YOU CAN'T LET SOMEONE
LIVE WITH YOU,
AND THEN ALL OF A SUDDEN,
ONE DAY DECIDE THAT THEY
CAN'T LIVE WITH YOU ANYMORE.
OKAY? WATCH YOUR KNEE.
HOW LONG YOU SAY
YOU GUYS'VE BEEN MARRIED?
THREE MONTHS?
-YEAH, THREE MONTHS.
-OKAY.
CUT IT OFF.
YOU KNOW WHAT I MEAN?
NEXT TIME, YOU KNOW,
IF IT CAN GO--
-NO. NO.
-IF IT CAN GO THIS FAR,
-IMAGINE WHAT COULD
HAPPEN NEXT TIME.
-WHERE SHE HAD THE KNIFE
TO MY THROAT, NEXT TO
MY JUGULAR,
I ALREADY KNOW I'D HAVE BEEN
BLEEDING OUT UNTIL
YOU GUYS GOT HERE.
YOU CAN'T STOP THAT.
-NO.
ALL RIGHT, WELL,
GOOD LUCK TO YOU, OKAY?
-ALL RIGHT.
-ALL RIGHT, MAN.
-Officer over radio:
132 AND BUSH.
I'VE GOT HIM AT GUNPOINT.
-Dispatcher:
OKAY, GUNPOINT, 132 AND BUSH.
COVER IS CODE THREE.
-(overlapping
police radio chatter)
-Dispatcher:
OKAY, STILL SEND A CODE THREE.
-(theme music playing)